add more context to README (#6)
canonical/multipass-workflows: README.md

# Multipass Workflows

> This repository contains multipass workflow definitions.
> Multipass workflows augment the offerings already available from the
> [Ubuntu Cloud Images](http://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/). You can list the available images with
> [`multipass find`](https://multipass.run):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains multipass workflow definitions. They augment the offerings already available from the
[Ubuntu Cloud Images](http://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/). You can list the available images with
[`multipass find`](https://multipass.run/docs/find-command) and run them with [`multipass launch`](https://multipass.run/docs/launch-command):
```

      vendor-data: |       # cloud-init vendor data
        <string>
```

> 
> ## Build multipass-compatible images
> Images can be [built with Packer](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/building-multipass-images-with-packer/12361).

Reviewer: This doesn't yet affect workflows, so no point mentioning that.

```suggestion
```
